docs: apply tone guide to Layout.md (#1749)
carbon-design-system/carbon-ai-chat: packages/ai-chat/docs/Layout.md

## Overview

> Control where the chat renders. Size it with CSS custom properties. Float it in a corner of the page. Round its corners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
through CSS custom properties, float it in the corner of the page, and round its corners.
```

I do not like the separation of sentences here, doesn't make sense

## Layout modes

> The standard way to use Carbon AI Chat is the custom element. Use {@link ChatCustomElement} in React, or `cds-aichat-custom-element` as a web component. You size and place the element in your DOM. The chat grows to fill it. Use it as a sidebar, a full-screen view, or a panel nested in your UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standard way to use Carbon AI Chat is the custom element. Use {@link ChatCustomElement} in React, or `cds-aichat-custom-element` as a web component. You size and place the element in your DOM and the chat grows to fill it. Use it as a sidebar, a full-screen view, or a panel nested in your UI.
```

> The classic floating widget is the same custom element with the exported [float layout classes](#floating-layout) applied. It's a launcher in the corner and a window that opens on click. The classes are exported on purpose. Apply them yourself to drive the open and close behavior. {@link ChatContainer} and `cds-aichat-container` wire those classes for you. Reach for them only when you'd rather skip that work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The classic floating widget is the same custom element with the exported [float layout classes](#floating-layout) applied. It's a launcher in the corner and a window that opens on click. The classes are exported on purpose so that you can apply them yourself to drive the open and close behavior. {@link ChatContainer} and `cds-aichat-container` wire those classes for you. Reach for them only when you'd rather skip that work.
```

| `--cds-aichat-history-width`       | `320px` | Width of the history / conversation list panel                |
| `--cds-aichat-card-max-width`      | `424px` | Maximum width for card components                             |

You can also set these tokens from config through {@link LayoutConfig.customProperties | customProperties}, with keys from {@link LayoutCustomProperties}. Do this if you'd rather keep them out of a stylesheet.

## Floating layout

> To float the chat, apply the exported float classes to your custom element. Also import the float stylesheet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To float the chat, apply the exported float classes to your custom element and import the float stylesheet:
```

| `--cds-aichat-top-position`    | `auto`                                                                    | Distance from the top of the viewport         |
| `--cds-aichat-left-position`   | `auto`                                                                    | Distance from the left of the viewport        |

> > **Note:** In RTL, placement uses logical `inset-inline`. It still reads the same `--cds-aichat-right-position` and `--cds-aichat-left-position` tokens. To mirror placement, override those tokens under `[dir="rtl"]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** RTL uses logical `inset-inline` placement while still reading the same `--cds-aichat-right-position` and `--cds-aichat-left-position` tokens. To mirror placement, override those tokens under `[dir="rtl"]`.
```

- `top`, `top-left`, `top-right`
- `bottom`, `bottom-left`, `bottom-right`

Use `data-stacked` when children stack vertically. Without `data-stacked`, `data-rounded="top"` and `data-rounded="bottom"` round the first and last child in a horizontal row.

### Per-corner configuration

> Configure corners one at a time with {@link LayoutConfig.corners | corners}. Pass a single {@link CornersType} value to round every corner. Or pass a {@link PerCornerConfig} object to control each corner:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure corners one at a time with {@link LayoutConfig.corners | corners}. Pass a single {@link CornersType} value to round every corner or pass a {@link PerCornerConfig} object to control each corner:
```
